Okay so let's pull in another test and
deal with the problems of
configuration for that one.
So I'll duplicate this and remove the
.solution to get it in our code base here.
So this is right next to the utils
because auto-scaling-text
is the one that we're trying to test.
So this is a react component.
And has some states doing a component
of life cycles, all that stuffs.
And in our tests,
it's kind of a boring test.
Just because we are not here
right now talking about
what the test should actually look like.
Just configuring things.
So I just wanna make
sure that it can melt.
And that it can be rendered.
So now if we run npm t.
We're gonna run it to your first error.
And that error is, .auto-scaling-text.
What on earth could that possibly be?
So that actually looks
like a class name to me.
And it only looks like a class name to
me because I know that's what it is.
So, it's trying to treat
this as a JavaScript module.
The reason for that is, at the top here,
we're importing this CSS.
So we're using webpack loaders.
This is really, really common for
people will be doing and so
that's why we're including it here
in our configuration setup stuff.
So how do we deal with this?
Well node can't import CSS.
It'll treat all, anything that you import
as either JSON or JavaScript module.
And so, that's why things are blowing up.
So, what we can do.
Let me just clear this out.
Whoops.
Is with jest,
add some additional configuration.
I'm actually gonna pull this out, and
add a configuration file
called jest.config.js.
And Jest will pick that
up by default module that
exports equals jest configuration.
Okay, so now with that,
I'm going to add a new property in our
configuration called moduleNameMapper.
And this is an object where the key is
a string of regex that matches a file and
then the value is a module
that is responsible for
mapping that to something
that's JavaScript.
Okay?
So here, our string regex could be
something like .css, so
something that ends in css, okay?
So any time something ends in css,
we're going to have it
load a different file set.
Let's go ahead and
create that file real quick.
No no, don't do that.
Duplicate.
Okay, so it's going to be in test,
style-mock, and it's
not really going to be anything all that
interesting, just exporting an object.
In fact, this is the default for module,
so this could actually be enough for us.
It just needs to be something that exists.
If you're doing SPGs or
if you're doing like various other things,
it might make sense to put more in here,
but for
our purposes just having
nothing is totally fine.
So here we need to pass up
a path to the module, so
we'll say
require.resolve('./test/style-mock').
And then with that we can
run npm t to run our tests.
We get a new error.
document is not defined.
Who knows why that happened?
Because we switched things over to known.
So I should be jazzed Tom.
Which is the default so we can remove it.
Cool.
Any questions about that?
All right.
So let's, yes question.
>> Let's say you're trying to write.
Code that's actually going to
run both client and server?
>> Yeah, so that's a good question.
The more difficult environment
is the browser, and so
I always test it as if it's
running in the browser.
>> Where do you write separate tests?
>> So if I have a module
that's gonna run in both,
I'll treat it like it's
running in the browser.
>> As a worse case.
>> Yeah, exactly.
Does that make sense?
>> That makes sense.
>> So in a universal application,
you might run in to a problem where
because you're testing it with
the browser environment installed,
you could start using document dot and
stuff in your components, and
that will actually break on the server.
So yeah, and there's some things you can
do to get around that but, because
not always would that be a problem.
Like if you're using document dot but
in components of mal, then that's fine
because components in mal doesn't run on
this server, when you render it that way.
But if like somebody slips it in, like the
root of the module or something like that.
Then that could be a problem and
you wouldn't catch it with your test.
So something that you could do is you
could actually have two different
configurations and run them in parallel.
And I'll show you how to do that.
It's pretty crazy,
like you would run all the same tests but
with two other test environment settings.
It should all work, which is kinda weird.
Unless you wanted to,
some of your tests, actually do mount
the component and then you're like.
And so it might be better just to have
separate tests to make sure you can render
to the initial render,
to static HTML, whatever, or markup.
Yeah?
>> Just curious about that
double backslash in the regex?
>> Yeah, so in JavaScript strings,
we're escaping the backslash,
cuz the backslash is an escape.
So the actual regex will be this,
but because it's a string regex.
>> With a string, yeah, sure.
>> I know, it's kind of like, yeah.
Sometimes you wish that
the API was an array, and
then the has named things like regex or
whatever, but what do you do?
It's not too bad.
We don't use this feature a ton.
Like, we'll have a couple of these, so.
Any other questions?
Remember, people three months from
now are going to have the questions
you're thinking of.
Okay nothing.
Okay cool.
So let's actually,
this is not entirely perfect.
We're using CSS modules here, fun fact,
create react app version two.
We'll support CSS modules and
this is how it will do it.
You'll add a dot module before the dot CSS
and it will treat that as a CSS module.
What that means is what you get back is an
object that has keys for every class name.
So there will be a key,
it’ll be camel cased.
So you can do styles.auto-scaling-text.
And that will be the class name
that’s associated with those styles.
So we’re using that right here,
auto-scaling-text and
if I go ahead and let's see.
Where'd my test go?
If we go console log div enter HTML and
then run our test again,
then we're going to see, it just has div
and it's not showing me my class name.
And the reason is because our mock here,
the style mock is
exporting an empty object.
So when auto-scaling-text pulls that in,
styles is an empty object,
it's not one that we exported, right?
And so then, when we try to access
the auto-scaling-text, that's undefined.
Okay, and so that's why we don't get
that class name attributed here.
I'm not actually sure at all
why style isn't on here.
Maybe it's using the properties under
the header or something like that.
So it doesn't appear in the HTML.
And ref is like a dump thing anyways.
And so
that's why it's just a point of dev.
So maybe we can improve that a little
bit because it could be nice in our
test to be able to see at least the title
of the thing as the class name,
and so we can actually do that
pretty easily with a module.
Instead of our style mock,
there's a module called Identity
something something,
identity object proxy.
And what it does is it will,
well if you don't understand proxies,
it's kinda confusing.
But when we say, dot on this object,
it will take that and consider that
to be the thing it's returning.
So whatever you say, or whatever, this
is what it's going to return for that.
Which is really perfect for our use case.
I'm not sure if it was built for
our use case, but it works great.
So let's go ahead and
install that module, npm install.
As a dev identity-object-proxy.
And then while that is installing
we can have another match.
So maybe some of our CSS is
like normal dot CSS, but for
anything that has dot module,
dot CSS ends with that.
We'll just say the path to
the module is identity-object.
Did I misspell it?
>> It's o, b, j.
>> O, b, j.
Thank you.
Obj-proxy, so
it will match with this one first.
And that's the one that it's going to use.
And it will, instead of trying
to require that CSS file,
it's going to require this
identity object proxy.
And so that's what the Styles will
be that identity object proxy.
So any time I try to access anything off
of that it's going to just return that
thing as a string to me.
And so with that, if I run my test again,
We're gonna see our class.
Yay.
So if you're using CSS modules,
which are really awesome, then this is
how you kinda solve for that situation.
And this is generally applicable as well.
This module mapper concept is really
useful when you're using loaders.
You can have one of these for
GraphQL and a whole bunch of stuff.